[TEMPORARY] : feat(): onboard @azure/microsoft-playwright-testing sdk (#1)
Sid200026/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/playwrighttesting/microsoft-playwright-testing/samples/v1/javascript/set-default-authentication-mechanism/README.md

### Prerequisites

- An Azure account with an active subscription. If you don't have an Azure subscription, [create a free account](https://aka.ms/mpt/create-azure-subscription) before you begin.
- Your Azure account must be assigned the [Owner](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles#owner), [Contributor](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles#contributor), or one of the [classic administrator roles](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/rbac-and-directory-admin-roles#classic-subscription-administrator-roles).
- [Azure CLI](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli) must be installed in the machine from where you are running Playwright tests. 

### Setup Playwright Testing workspace

Make sure you have set up your Playwright Testing workspace by following these steps

- [Create a workspace](../../../../README.md#create-a-workspace)

### Install Microsoft Playwright Testing package

1. Run this command to install the service package

    ```sh
    npm init @azure/microsoft-playwright-testing
    ```

> Installing the service package will create a service config with the name `playwright.service.config.ts`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing the service package will create a service config named `playwright.service.config.ts`.
```
